docs: update adev conditionals-and-loops.md and rendering-dynamic-tem… (#52880)
angular/angular: adev/src/content/introduction/essentials/rendering-dynamic-templates.md

## Next Step

> Now that you have dynamic data and templates in the application, its time to learn how to enhance templates by conditionally hiding or showing certain elements, looping over elements, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have dynamic data and templates in the application, it is time to learn how to enhance templates by conditionally hiding or showing certain elements, looping over elements, and more.
```
